:memo: [#405] Add deprecation WARNING to the objecten Helm chart (#408)
maykinmedia/charts: charts/objecttypen/README.md

![Version: 1.6.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.6.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 3.4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-3.4.0-informational?style=flat-square)

> [!WARNING]
> ⚠️ **DEPRECATED** ⚠️
>

> > The `objecttypen` chart is deprecated and is only supported for Open Object

Reviewer: This doesn't really apply for this chart I think, objecttypes is still just objecttypes, but the application itself is deprecated basically

```suggestion
> The `objecttypen` chart is deprecated and is only necessary for Objecten API
```

> versions up to and including **3.6.x**.
>

> > For Open Object `4.0` and later, use the `openobject` Helm chart instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> From Open Object `4.0` onward, the objecttypen and objecten API are combined into a single application, for which the `openobject` Helm chart should be used instead.
```
